chore(tutorials): content review (#2838)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/wordpress-lemp-stack-ubuntu-jammy-jellyfish-22-04/index.mdx

## Installing WordPress

> We presume that you have already completed the installation of the LEMP stack as outlined [here](/tutorials/installation-lemp-ubuntu-bionic/). Let us proceed with the installation of WordPress on your Ubuntu Jammy instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We presume that you have already [installed LEMP stack](/tutorials/installation-lemp-ubuntu-bionic/). Let us proceed with the installation of WordPress on your Ubuntu Jammy Instance.
```
